All right now we've got all these statistics.
Let's make sure that we add each of them to the appropriate article elements inside of our template.
So down here I have my first article right there that is meant to show the number of awards.
So on that article element I'm going to add in a data value property.
And I'm going to inject the value awards to it and we can repeat that same process for the other articles
as well.
The next one is supposed to show.
Box office.
I think we called the relevant statistic dollars.
Yeah.
There it is right there.
So I'm going to go back down there is the box office statistic on the article I'll do a data value of
dollars the next one is a data value of medal score then we've got our I'm D rating the data dash value
of i am D.B. rating and finally data dash value I am D.B. boats and that's to be it.
As usual we'll do a quick save and a test to the test in this case is to inspect our DOM elements and
just make sure that we are assigning some reasonable values to each one.
So I will refresh I'll look up Avengers what I actually type dollar instead of dollars my mistake.
There we go.
Dollars on the second one
Avengers again like it.
That's better.
So now I can inspect my Dom I'm going to look at each of these elements and just make sure that they
have the appropriate value property and there we go.
So I can see the list of articles.
There's the first one it has a data value of 118 and I've got the number value for the dollars.
Then the Mets score.
I'm DB rating.
And finally the number of votes says pretty much it.
We can now repeat that same process for this stuff on the right hand side as well.
So over here I'll look up Dark Knight I'll do an inspect of that element right there and I get three
hundred and nine awards.
Wow.
That's pretty crazy.
And I get the best five hundred thirty three million then eighty four Mets score and nine I'm TV rating
and finally two million votes OK.
So that's it.
Now the very last thing we have to do inside of our compare can run comparison function right here.
We can now iterate over all those different article elements.
It's going to iterate over both them at the same time.
They basically get this collection on the left hand side.
And this collection on the right hand side.
And then we'll compare each of them one by one by looking at their data dash value properties whichever
one is greater.
We're going to apply some classes to two colored as yellow.
Otherwise we'll leave it as is and just leave it green.
That's the idea.
One more quick pause.
We're going to wrap this thing up in the next video.